Ask Collins about these
<!-- New clean logo -->
<!-- main contact address (Phones) -->
main website address nowielimited.com



Nowy Limited Notes
	<!-- Company Overview
	Founded 2018 - In Kenya
	Privately held company
	Locations
	Headquartered in Kenya
	Kenya, South Africa, DR Congo -->

10 + HCs globally
40+ Outsourcing resources

	<!-- About Us
	Nowy limited is a privately held consulting-oriented private limited company founded in 2018 and headquartered in Kenya. We have branches in South Africa and DR Congo and a staff of highly qualified and multi-skilled engineers and researchers in various areas such as teecommunications, information technology and automation.
	The group provides Software solutions, engineering Solutions, Professional services, Managed Services, Telecom Assurance services, installation and Expertise to organizations as well as to individuals.
	We are a great ICT solutions provider and serve our clients as trusted and loyal allies providing them the best solutions and services to help their respective businesses flourish.
	Nowy limited analyses African needs and niches in order to fill the gap by providing appropriate solutions, products or services that will satisfy the customers businesses. -->

Products and Services

Telecom Services Assurance
Benchmark Drive test, RF and Sites planning, Single Site verification, Cluster Acceptance Testing, Network Optimization, Broadband Service Assurance
SQM/CEM experts consulting
Network Assurance Services
Network Analytics

Professional Services
Network Assurance Solution Design, Managed Services, Training services, Consulting services
Site Survey, Installation, Commisioning and Decomisioning, operations and maintenance

Managed Services
Integrated support and Maintenance, Vendor backed Support, network monitoring.
Project Management

Resell & Partnership
Outsourcing Resources
Local resource for telecom vendors

ICT Solutions
Professional Web Services
Database solutions and management & remote access control
Software applications solutions


Our Approach
Nowy Limited is a customer centric company that focuses on providing the right solutions and services to our targeted customers at affordable prices with flexible payments.
We approach every project as a partnership with the customer during which we explore all the possibilities to offer the best technical solutions that will satisfy the customer needs at affordable cost.

Our Core Values
Customer satisfaction: we rank the success of our business based on the satisfaction of our customers and we work hard in order to maintain and improve the customers satisfaction.
Initiative and openness: Driven by the customer satisfaction, we strive to innovate and come with initiatives that are customer centric to ensure the customer business success.
Trusted Advisers: We are close to the customer to support them, to listen to them and provide them with appropriate advice for a better direction of their business.
Team Work: United in our knowledge diversity, we ensure an effective team spirit and cohession to ensure the targets set are met on time to satisfy our customers.
Integrity: Integrity is considered as your most valuable pillar on which our business is based. We are driven by it to conduct our business with honesty and keep our promises, ultimately winning our customers trust and respect.

Why Select Nowy Limited?
Experience: Nowy limited brings a blend of professionals with well developed broad global experience to provide specialized and highly focused operation with increased customers awareness to fulfill the needs of the customers.
Industry Knowledge: Nowy limited puts together a team of experts with huge knowledge and experience in the industry blending current management practice and IT expertise into cost effective solutions, Products and Services.
Customer Focus: Nowy limited takes priority in understanding the customer needs and providing the best customer experience above anything else through listening, collaboration and providibg a customer focused leadership.
Flexibility: Nowy limited takes an agile approach towards each customer tailoring the offering to meeting the unique needs of each customer.
Results Driven: Nowy limited takes pride in good results, excellent quality of service and customer satisfaction.

Health & Safety
Nowy takes pride in considering the health & safety for each employee and the environment around. Our objective is to conduct business in the safest manner consistent with the occupatioal health & Safety act, applicable regulations.

Thank You
info@nowylimited.com

+27(0) 723 043 194
+254 (0) 705 762 763
